Hi everybody.
Thanks for coming out
so early this morning.
We've got quite a treat for you.
We're going to kick it off
first by introducing my mate,
Anthony Rogers from Tomato,
who's going to kick off the session.
How many have heard of Underworld,
the band?
All right,
they're pretty much responsible
for everything they do.
Well, when you see some of the stuff
that he's going to be showing,
you're going to know who Underworld is.
So he's going to first kick it off with
some interactive stuff to give you an
idea of what's possible with QuickTime.
He's going to show an Underworld video.
Then everyone's in for a real treat,
because I'm here to show some future
technology that I'm working on at Adobe.
And well, I won't give it away.
I'll leave it at that.
So Anthony, would you come on up?
We're going to give Anthony a
nice round of applause.
Hello everybody.
All the way from the UK.
Thanks a lot.
How do I do that?
Hello, I'm Anthony from Tamade.
We do a lot of design and
interactive and video and film,
and generally lots of things.
Can I have demo two?
We're just going to go straight in.
We're not going to give
you lots of coverage.
That's one.
This is two.
Can I have the other one?
No.
[Transcript missing]
Right, we do stuff for lots of museums.
We do installations, even buildings,
interior design.
This is an interior we did.
I'm the director of the
design of a restaurant with
all the whole design layout,
everything,
and this is like all the floors,
people having to go there.
There's a big store in
London called Selfridges,
which is, we designed the 22 windows,
which is like the actual
stuff in the windows.
But instead of just doing
pictures and graphics,
we...
These big fellas here,
these are inflatables.
Underneath this floor,
there is a set of fans,
and it pushes the inflatables up.
If you can just see here,
the people walking
past actually generate,
activate the fans.
This pushes the floor up,
so as you walk past it,
The individual little people
all fly up off the screen.
If you see at the top here,
these are all ultrasounds,
so it bounces off the
tops of people's heads,
and then it triggers them.
Instead of just doing
just a simple front cover,
this is the same thing with shutters.
These all open as you walk past.
We built all this stuff.
And these are special
lights we had commissioned,
which are fluorescent lights, very hot.
So if you put your hand in front of it,
you'll burn yourself.
It has to be specially covered.
But these lights aren't.
You can actually pick them up,
you can lay them out,
they're ultra bright.
So we had these all the
way across the shop front.
Small light panels.
We also made a thing called the
Connected Identity for Sony.
This is their full identity and branding.
It was all coded on the Mac.
There's also a server that comes with it.
What it does is the individual
clients connect to the server.
And then the server then
distributes to the client sensors
data from loads of sensors,
which are scattered all over the world.
This sensor data is
relayed to the client,
and then it changes the
visual look of the identity.
Well, this actually gives Sony the
ability to say that they are
listening back to the world.
And if you change the identity
with one of the sensors,
you change their logo.
So you're giving back as a user.
And it looks like this.
We did a kiosk to prove that
it was actually working.
We did a kiosk.
This one's in Tokyo in the Sony Tower.
We designed the whole box, layout,
all the screens, all the buttons,
all the electronics.
This is a theremin,
which is one of those things
where you put your hand in front.
And it goes, wah, wah, wah,
as you get closer to it.
It screams.
You put your hand in the box,
and the visual changes to that.
And it changes everywhere
else in the world,
online.
We did it for mobile phones.
We did it for post-production.
And what this does is
when you press the button,
it renders out a post-production
quality piece of TGAs for film.
And then it renders a quick timeout,
and then you can send it to yourself.
And it also renders a bigger
movie out for us to put online.
It dynamically puts all this
stuff all over the place.
It sends a copy of this
video to this computer here.
And this is in Osaka.
And you can view all the videos from
Tokyo on Osaka and Osaka on Sokyo.
But once you interact
with the one in Tokyo,
the one in Osaka changes
to your interaction.
And we have a little camera here.
And it looks at the color and
changes the visual with the color.
And you can send an email of it to
yourself and to friends and stuff.
It's just crazy stuff.
Here it is moving.
This is all done in OpenGL on the Mac,
so... And it's all
written in Java as well,
so we used GL for Java and OpenGL.
It was very simple.
'Cause they wanted a Mac version
and a Windows version,
it was just simpler, quicker for us.
This is a sound reactive curtain,
a bit more of a crazy thing.
These are loads of plastic little balls,
and it's silicone going
down the side of the screen.
And we project onto the
silicone with a projector.
And then from there,
every time you walk through the curtain,
from the projection,
we've got an infrared camera,
and it looks at people.
So these squares will jump out
the way as you get close to it.
So as you walk through it,
you get these really crazy--
[Transcript missing]
This is a reactive floor for the
Shaker Qatar with Ron Arid Studios,
a big design company,
a really good designer in London,
worldwide.
Now these are special little...
It's a bit weird this one,
it's actually... These cylinders
move up and down,
and what you can do on your
phone or on your computer is
you can draw on the interface,
and it will move these panels
in real time under you.
So it lifts you off the floor.
This guy is just really cool.
He wanted this, so he went, yeah,
definitely, got to do this.
This is it, there's a picture we
sort of did a mock-up of.
And this is his palace,
which is having designed by Ron Arid.
And this is the floor.
So you walk down the corridor here,
you go into the room
and all this can move.
But you can draw on here like furniture,
and then it will pull the
cams up and you can sit down.
Or you could have a
laugh and I draw nothing.
When someone is sitting down,
they'll fall over.
So we're doing all of this.
Nice bit of 3D modeling there, Mayo.
Strange music.
We can do random floors,
so it doesn't have to
be just waves and stuff.
And it's this fast that the floor
actually moves really quickly,
so we can do nice waves.
And all the floors and designs are done.
This is a light cube idea for Japan.
We did this in La Forêt.
It was just like a big tub of water,
and then when you put some
sort of white paint in it,
it will make the water a bit more grey.
And you put a projector under it,
and you get these nice little light
effects coming through the water.
And if you shouted at it and stuff,
it would wobble and
all that sort of stuff.
We did another one.
It's sort of words,
which was quite nice to mess around with.
Of course, you always have to have three.
And this is,
you could actually put your hand over,
and we had a camera in it,
and it actually projected the difference,
and drew the difference into the water.
We also did a menu for High Street.
All this stuff is all different.
We did a menu for High Street,
which is called Busaba.
It's a Thai restaurant.
And it was a sound reactive thing.
It was on the street,
and you could shout it in.
It would all bounce around.
Some shots of it.
Composition Station,
this is a set of music
software that we built.
And what it does is you can
click these squares here,
and then you can mix,
and these are all different instruments,
so as you're standing around it,
you're all playing different things,
and they all perfectly go back in time.
It's a nice bit of a design of the...
This is a strange one,
which we did for Absolute.
And it's outdoors,
and it's a very large scale.
Do you see what I mean now?
These here are buildings.
See all these?
These are all buildings,
and this is lights on a
scaffold that we built.
And as you fly over on a plane,
you see the Absolute vodka logo,
which is quite a lot of fun to do.
You don't get offered things
to do like that every day,
but... What are those?
This is more of an arty
sort of installation.
These are big blackboards,
and this here is a box of chalk.
A little closer for my box of chalk.
These are all chalk, and you go up to it,
and you pick it up,
and you can draw on the thing.
And over the day,
these things start to look quite
interesting from the public.
This is in the Ginza,
we have glass screens with
lots of stories and stuff on,
nice to walk around.
It's on our website front page,
or was until I changed it.
And of course,
you have to do mobile phone applications,
because there's always a
bit of fun there to be had.
So we did this for IAPLI in Japan.
These are clocks.
They're just wobbly clocks,
we just did some mad things just
to try out the jarveness of it all.
This one just ticks.
This one's a quite funky one.
I like this one a lot.
This is like a tub of water.
And as the ball falls down,
it falls down every second.
And as the thing fills up, it's an hour.
And then it starts all over again.
It's like a cycle.
Sort of just a simple, normal clock.
Okay, that's just the general
stuff we do at Tomorrow,
the everyday thing.
But we also do video,
and it would be wrong
not to show some video.
Right, this is Demo 1.
Can we have Demo 1, please?
This time.
Thank you.
I can go away.
Demo 1?
Hello, can I have demo machine one,
please?
Yeah.
That's it, cool, excellent.
I'm going to show you a short film now to
put some shock into you in the morning.
[Transcript missing]
If you liked that,
I'll hand you back to the man from,
good man from Adobe.
Thank you very much.
Thanks a lot, Anthony.
So it's a little bit
difficult following Tomato,
but what I have in store for
everyone in the room this morning
is going to be pretty interesting.
How many in the room,
as we sort of speak about
QuickTime Interactivity-- Anthony is
showing you some of the really innovative
things that you can do if you combine
Apple technologies with QuickTime--
how many in the room actually are aware
of Adobe Go-- is aware of Adobe Go Live?
Can you raise your hand?
Everybody, great.
How many in the room is using
Adobe Go Live's QuickTime interactive
authoring capabilities
for their projects today?
Okay, great.
So now there are not very many people.
So I will show you a brief introduction
on what Adobe Go Live 6 is,
and what its QuickTime authoring
capabilities are in the
current instantiation.
Then we'll dive into a little
bit of a future technology sneak
peek that we're working on in
conjunction with our other partners.
So if I can have, actually, not yet.
Let me just talk a little bit about this.
So let me give some brief
history on Adobe Go Live.
Adobe Go Live was an acquired
technology back in 1999,
actually December of 98.
It is one of the premier design
development management solutions,
not only for web content
or interactive QuickTime,
but also mobile.
So whether you're working with
W3C or 3GPP specifications,
and you're dealing with
mobile CSS or XHTML,
Go Live is the solution that helps make
you more productive and more creative.
Adobe Go Live has been a
long time supporter of the
Apple QuickTime specification.
One of our engineers,
actually our only engineer,
who's a madman, he does a lot of this
stuff just by himself,
works very closely with
the QuickTime team.
His name is Sonka, and he was not able to
come out with me today.
He wanted to be here,
but he's with me in spirit.
And he's based in Hamburg, Germany.
Again, the first implementation of
QuickTime was implemented in Go Live 4.0,
which was the first
Adobe release of Go Live.
And then since then,
this one individual recently,
with the help of one more individual,
has really been cranking away
at some really incredible stuff.
So what I'm going to show you right
now is an introduction to Go Live 6,
explain its site and project
management capabilities,
talk about the interface,
talk about some QuickTime web authoring.
And then I'm going to talk a
little bit about using Go Live in
conjunction with QuickTime,
how you can export your content
out for a mobile device.
So let's dive into this.
If I can have my laptop, please.
All righty.
I'm working with tight spaces here.
But before I get going,
let's go ahead and launch in.
So this is the interface for Go Live.
It's really kind of
constrained right now,
considering the resolution
I'm having to project out.
But you first start off with a project,
and we always encourage this.
Rather than working on a
one-off individual file,
which you can do,
but we encourage you to work with
our site management capabilities.
And with that, it brings the capability
of doing href parsing.
So we will parse everything
that's in your site to make sure
none of your links are broken.
Your links can be embedded
inside of a QuickTime file.
It can be embedded inside
of a Macromedia Flash file.
of JavaScript or PHP code.
Doesn't matter.
We'll parse that code,
and we will actually let you
know when things are updated.
So if I, as an example,
let me go ahead and
open up this file here.
And within our various
inspectors that we have,
you can see what content
is actually linked.
So it's saying that this QuickTime movie
is linked to the WWDC demo.html file.
So if I take this movie file and
I drag it into a different folder,
it's going to warn me,
do you want to update all the links
interactively without just changing that?
Or if you move the file,
then you have to manually go back into
that actual file and change the linkage,
change the source code by hand.
And that's not necessarily
an optimal workflow,
especially given today's economy,
post.com bust.
You know,
all of us are having to do a lot
more with a lot less money and a
lot less resources available to us.
So I'm going to go ahead
and cancel out of that.
So to show you a little
bit about Go Live 6,
which is currently shipping,
let me first start off
with the interface.
So when you're working with a project,
this is your site window.
We maintain all of your external links,
your diagrams,
which is actually-- you can map out how
your project's going to flow together.
It's similar to what you'd be using,
like OmniGraph A or Microsoft Visio.
It's our information
architecture diagramming tool.
So you can use this to build out
the interactivity with the user
or the technologies that will
be used within your project.
Colors-- we maintain all.
The colors that are in your site, fonts,
and then any shared library components.
But what I'm going to show you next is,
within your site,
you can actually preview your assets
without even having to open them.
And again, being that we're Adobe,
we support all the native
Adobe file formats.
So if it's a PSD file,
if it's an AI Illustrator file,
it doesn't matter.
You could preview this content
without having to open it.
So what I'm going to introduce
you now-- not the object
spot-- the inspector palette.
This is an inspector that's contextual.
Everything you work with within Go Live,
you will use the inspector palette to get
a snapshot of what type of content you're
working with-- name of the content,
the page, and get a thumbnail.
open it.
So there's a thumbnail on my HTML page
without having to open my file.
So you can imagine if you have
a site with tens of thousands
of assets inside of it,
it's not optimal to go
hunting and pecking,
trying to find particular
assets you're looking for.
Use the Inspector,
use the Inspector's Content tab to
easily and quickly navigate to the
content you're actually looking for.
If you're working with QuickTime,
as an example, natively,
built into the Inspector,
you can actually preview QuickTime,
Flash, SVG, etc.
It's very powerful and very flexible.
Native PSD file.
Here's a native PSD file,
which I'll be talking
about a little bit later.
This is the control bar that
is a layered Photoshop file,
and we'll be showing how you can simply
bring that in and immediately wire it
up using QuickTime interactivity to
present your content out to the web.
So with that said,
let me go ahead and close that and open
up the Objects palette and explain a
little bit about how this actually works.
When you're working with Go Live and
you're working with a file,
whether it be QuickTime or HTML,
the Objects palette is where all your
elements are that you would drag and
drop into your layout window or into
your timeline to start authoring content.
You want to work with QuickTime,
you've got your QuickTime object.
You want to work with HTML,
you've got your HTML elements.
But we're going to be
talking about QuickTime.
To talk about what objects
we support within the
QuickTime authoring environment,
let's start off just by
going over one by one.
So we have a movie track,
Sprite movie track,
there's a video track,
generic filter track,
which is really cool if you want to do
flames and different kinematic effects.
One source filter track, transitions,
three source filter track, MPEG track,
little penguin there
for the Sprite track,
little lightning bolt for the
Macromedia Flash Swift track,
Ahrefs track, chapter track, text track,
soundtrack, MIDI track,
instrumental track, streaming track,
and then a folder track for sort
of collecting and managing your
content within the timeline itself.
When you use these elements
in conjunction with QuickTime,
in conjunction with the Go Live's
HTML and XHTML authoring capabilities,
you can use QuickTime now to
control the elements of the page
that the user is experiencing.
So as an example,
if you had a frame and you had
QuickTime embedded in one aspect of
it and you wanted to have subtitling
or product information appear in
the second frame as the timeline
plays within the QuickTime movie,
you can control the
elements of the frame,
control the elements of external
or linked parent and child windows.
It's relatively straightforward
and very simple.
One quick note,
Go Live 6 as you're seeing it
today is available on Adobe.com,
try out version, have at it,
it's a lot of fun.
So let's go ahead and
open up this file here.
This is a file that Sonka, my engineer,
put together really quickly.
And because the screen is so tiny,
I'm going to shrink the
window down if I can here.
Ugh, this is going to be difficult.
... ... ... Ooh,
now I can't even grab it.
Let's try that again.
I did not open this file
before I changed resolutions.
Um, okay.
So let me go ahead and
click on the QuickTime bit.
So let me explain what you're
seeing and what you're not seeing.
It's an HTML file.
The background imagery and
the sort of slicing within the
table that the QuickTime movie
is embedded in is a PSD file.
It was comped up in Photoshop.
It was then sliced and image ready,
and then brought in to
go live just natively,
just dragging and dropping that file,
and we immediately build
out the aspects of the site.
We can read it and again parse
native Adobe file formats
and do the translation.
So what this file consists of is a
one single frame QuickTime movie,
and then a sprite track that controls
the interactivity of the movie.
So let's go ahead and
let me close the file,
and let's preview it inside of Safari.
Hopefully Safari's
window won't be gigantic.
Oh, better.
So here's the file.
We're going to go ahead
and play the movie.
And then we're going to dissect it.
So, what you're seeing here,
you've got an external audio track,
a single QuickTime container track,
and there's a bunch of
JPEG stills that he had taken.
This is outside the offices of
GoLive R&D facility in Hamburg,
Germany.
Very beautiful town, love the city.
And he's brought in and imported
all the external JPEGs that he
had and immediately compiled this
QuickTime movie with transition effects.
Turns out this, my engineer,
he's also a composer,
I did not know that,
so this music he wrote himself.
Classical, piano, did not know that,
he's a man of many trades.
Again, it's hard to follow tomato.
I've got some cool
stuff coming up though.
There you go.
Fairly straightforward, very simple.
Let's go ahead and open up that
movie and inspect its properties.
Okay, here we go.
I'm going to take this window and
for the sake of space constraints,
I'm going to just shrink
it down a little bit.
And then open up my timeline,
and this is kind of gigantic too.
Let's shrink that down.
All right.
A bit more manageable.
And then I'm gonna shrink
down the viewable aspect here.
Let's see here.
Okay.
And then let's expect-- let's
go ahead and inspect this movie.
So you can see here,
the picture track was brought in,
and then a filter was set up so
that you have transitional wipes.
Within the inspector, how that was done,
you have images,
import the images automatically,
loads them into the track,
and then you have the option of setting
the parameters of the slideshow,
the duration of the fade in and fade out.
This is very straightforward,
basic QuickTime Interactivity
that you're seeing here.
It's all visual.
Very easy to do.
Talk a little bit about the control
palette that made up the movie.
And by doing that, let me come in,
jump into Photoshop really quickly,
and let me show you what we did here.
So here you have the PSD file.
Let me blow it up a little bit.
And let me go ahead and
turn the palettes on.
And you can see that each
one of these components,
you have an on and off state.
[Transcript missing]
And then bring open the timeline again.
Because it's a different timeline,
I need to resize this one as well.
OK.
So we're going to inspect
the sprite track here.
And by doing so,
I'm going to come into layout.
And this is where you actually go ahead
and you lay out your various elements.
So the PSD file has been imported.
And you can see here that
when we go into the sprites,
you set up your characteristics here.
You want to do auto resizing,
importing the background layer,
which is the actual PSD file.
And then you have main, over, and click.
This sets up the states
for the interactivity.
Now with that done,
you can notice if we preview the file,
the on and over states are active.
This is just one of the many
enhanced productivity functionality
features within Go Live that help
you be more productive within your
QuickTime interactive design efforts.
And if you play the movie,
it plays again.
Kind of enough about Go Live 6.
I mean, it's pretty straightforward.
Site management,
maintain all your link references.
We parse everything for you
to make sure nothing breaks,
and we update everything
automatically if you choose to do so.
Full QuickTime,
six related authoring capabilities.
Let me go ahead and
open up a file I have,
and then I'll talk a little
bit about exporting for a
mobile device out of Go Live 6.
We're going to take a move source
file that I have created here that
was for a concert in Tokyo for
an artist named Susumu that
actually my daughter was filmed in.
So, let's see here.
Where did I save it?
It's on here.
So we're going to go ahead
and open up this file here.
And go live, we'll crash.
That is a feature.
Thank you very much.
Let's go ahead and try
that one last time.
All right, when this happens, move on.
I'll be showing that file again in just
a second with the sort of technology,
future technology preview,
which will work.
So let me go ahead and close out.
Actually,
I'll leave Photoshop open because
we do want to come back to this.
I won't save this file here though.
All right,
so with the release of QuickTime 6.3,
there's a lot of additional
enhanced functionality.
MPEG-4 support, 3GP support,
QuickTime scripting,
which a lot of people are
having difficulty with,
especially if you want to set
something up where it's a sophisticated
movie that supports media scans,
and has an XML database
that can read in movies,
and change the movies that are playing
dynamically and get database records
without having to visually create that.
You can actually script that out now.
I'll give you an example of that
by playing this file I have here.
So what you're seeing here is an
element that was created inside of
this future technology with Sneak Peek.
It consists of media skin that
you're seeing here knocked out with
the alpha channels that's fully
transparent and supports shadows.
You can see the shadows
underneath this area here.
Background image,
there's a little animated
sprite track here.
There's a text track,
a sprite track that's controlling the
XML database that I'll be showing you.
And then down below here,
there actually will be dynamic
records that will be taken out of the
database that will show you how many
movies you have in your database,
what movie you're on, et cetera.
And that information will be
then displayed in this area here,
giving a little explanation
of what the actual movie is.
So let's go ahead and check it out.
Description out of the XML,
records being dynamically generated.
Let's go to the next track.
[Transcript missing]
So I'm going to go ahead and click
on this other wired sprite here
that will shut my movie down.
Jumping into Future Technology.
All right.
Again, similar to the way you're used
to working with Go Live 6,
site window manages your project.
We have the objects palette up here,
and the inspector palette down here for
your content that you'll be inspecting.
So same objects.
Actually, there are a couple additional
ones that have been added here.
So let's go ahead and start
looking at this content.
So let's open up the source file.
Scale that out and bring up my timeline,
just so we can see
everything that's going on.
Again, by selecting these elements here,
so...
Animated sprite, text track.
Let me jump into here.
You'll notice in the timeline,
though-- let's see here.
Record info,
which is being taken out of the database.
The timeline is very familiar.
It is based on After Effects and
the Live Motion timeline here.
So we're going to go
ahead and inspect this.
Notice that there's no
XML list that's attached to it,
so it's dynamic.
And how is that dynamic
content being generated?
Well, inside of this new technology
that we've been working on,
you now have the ability to-- actually,
let me go back in, reopen that file.
QuickTime Script Manager work with
QuickTime scripting inside of our
environments and let me go ahead and
open up a bit more complicated file.
So you can see here there's some
content going on you've got functions,
variable functions and this is content
that you can either write by hand
or you could use the application to
develop out this content visually and
how you would go about doing that as
an example oops did not want to do that
undo uh... we have an XML database that
allows you to set this information up.
So we're gonna go in here and we're
gonna say uh... just to show you
really quickly uh... make this movie
and then an interface will come up
and this will allow you to it take in
the information again similar to what
you saw in Go Live 6 you have a file
that's set up with different states,
we're on and over states and it
sucks that native PSD information
into the application splits it
out and then here you can actually
assign what what do I want this to
actually do very straightforward
Let me go ahead and click back into here.
And then again, this is also being taken
out of an XML record.
Let me go ahead and open
up that XML record so you
can see how that's set up.
So you can see here that it's calling
out to where the movie file is located.
So inside the movies folder,
atomic.mpeg4, movies, slideshow, mpeg4,
movies, destination, mpeg4.
The information in the
XML database is here.
One thing to note about dealing
with this XML database is that
not only can you deal with a flat
database such as this that's local,
or could be on a server someplace,
you can also link this up to any
ODBC or JDBC-compliant database,
where you can suck data out of a
content management system as well.
Key note.
Something I want to talk a
little about as you're coding,
to help you develop content like
that within this future technology,
we've enabled some designer and
developer friendly functionality
into this new technology.
Let me go off and start
by showing some of that.
Let's see here.
Let's talk a little bit about
debugging when you're dealing
with QuickTime scripting.
So what I'm going to go ahead and do
now is I'm going to-- let's see here.
I'm going to go ahead and
open up the script file.
So this is a very simple file.
It contains basically a background
and this little Adobe logo.
I'm going to go ahead and just show
you the timeline really quickly so
you can see what I'm talking about.
So there's a variables track here,
and inside the variables
track it has a sprite element,
which is the actual image.
and a sprite track as well.
So what we've done with this is
I've added some code to this.
I'm going to go ahead and open that
code up and show you what's going on.
I've added some functions.
So you can test out your interactivity as
you're coding it or you're designing it.
So we have a function onMouseClick,
debugString.
I've clicked the Adobe logo.
OnMouseEnter,
I have entered the Adobe logo.
And then I have exited the Adobe logo.
You'll notice here though,
as you're coding your content,
Code completion,
all based on the QuickTime syntax DTD.
So the nice thing about that is
if Apple decides to update the
interactivity specification for
QuickTime without having to wait
for Adobe to release an update,
you can simply take those parameters,
throw that into the DTD,
update the DTD visually
within our application,
and voila,
you've got your code completion
going immediately that
supports the latest standards.
So I'm going to go ahead
and close this file down.
Actually,
what I'll do is I'll just kind of
shrink it and move it over here.
And then I'm going to open
up the debugger window.
That's QuickTime Script Manager.
Let's save.
Oh, that's right.
Let me just recompile all my scripts.
And--
All right, this isn't doing-- oh,
it's at the bottom of this.
Sorry about that.
There we go.
Okay,
so we have the debugger window open now.
And to preview your content,
this test that you're
scripting is working,
we're just going to do some simple tests.
Over, down.
So this is pretty handy,
especially when you're dealing with
development tools and you're doing some
really sophisticated QuickTime scripting.
This is pretty handy so you know
what's actually going on with
your code that you're writing.
So let me go ahead and close that down.
And I'm going to show you
some other new capabilities.
So let's talk about animating
your various sprites.
Here's a very simple animation.
Let's preview it.
It's CW logo bouncing from the
foreground into the background,
and then bouncing around in
different areas of the screen.
Again, using the After Effects timeline,
Let's go ahead and open my timeline here.
And I'm going to go ahead
and select that sprite track.
Scroll down.
I can actually see where
it's actually animating.
It can change the path
of this interactively.
So if I come down here,
and let's say that on
this key frame here,
I want the scale to actually be bigger,
and then I want the spin to be-- let's
put the spin a little bit faster.
And then come over to the next key frame,
which I didn't-- actually,
I didn't select the key frame.
Select the key frame here,
change some of these attributes.
And now if we come
back and we preview it,
we're going to get a different effect.
It's a little bit out of control,
but hopefully you get the point.
I mean,
you don't have to be a programmer to
really write this sophisticated code.
You don't have to be a
designer necessarily to set
a lot of this information up.
It's very visual,
just like the rest of Adobe applications.
So you shouldn't have any
difficulty at all getting up to
speed and actually developing out
some of this really cool content.
So I'm going to close this down,
and let's dive into another
example that I have.
So, Media Skin.
So, here's a movie that's been created,
and you'll notice there's
some animation going on,
some type, and we're going to apply
Media Skin to this.
Let's preview the MediaSkins movie.
So it's got the Adobe logo here.
Now, what I'm going to do is we're
going to open that up in QuickTime,
and take a look and see how that looks.
What you've done is,
let's go ahead and open
up the Adobe PSD file,
and we'll show you the alpha
channels that are in that.
It's simply setting up the alpha
channels inside of Photoshop.
I don't have the fonts installed,
that's fine.
And then bringing it in
into the application.
And Go Live will actually knock
out that background for you.
Hence, you'll get that effect.
There aren't any handles on this movie,
so I really can't move it around,
but that is a media skin element
inside of Go Live Future technology.
So, the last movie I want to show you
guys is some content that another
individual in the room here,
George Williams, has put together.
Also using QuickTime scripting.
Let's go ahead and preview this.
So, question to the crowd.
can go live preview a 40
megabyte QuickTime movie.
Why would you want to put a 40
megabyte QuickTime movie onto the web?
Yes or no?
Anybody?
Yes?
Wrong.
So this is just some really
simple game-like interactivity.
Yes.
Now the interesting thing
about this movie is that,
again, you have a larger
QuickTime Move container
inside of the timeline.
Let me go ahead and shrink this
down and explain what's going on.
Come back into layout,
bring up my timeline.
So you've got a sort of
like the Uber container.
Inside of the Uber container,
we've got different attributes to play,
the choice.
These are actually,
think of them as markers
within the actual movie itself.
That allow you to go through the
different phases of the interactivity.
Down below here, in each one of these
sub-phases are containers,
so.
The first step is to
update the movie file.
Instead of having to go
back into this interface,
all you would need to do is
export the movie and put it into
the folder that it's linked to.
Then it automatically will
be sucked into the file,
sucked into the movie
and then played back.
Let's go ahead and show some
more of the functionality here.
So come down,
it's got the interactive menu.
You can jump between the storyline,
between some of the actors.
Come back to this area.
So this is a movie,
and then it's going to jump into
another movie shortly thereafter that,
and you'll see it jump
within the timeline.
It's back to the game portion.
So that does it for the interactivity
portion of the future technology demo
I wanted to do for this afternoon.
What I want to show you next is
working with some mobile content.
You may or may not be
aware of that 3G is here,
and they're already working on 4G,
which is kind of quite scary
considering America is so far behind.
But I spent a lot of time in Japan.
I've spent a lot of time in Europe.
And Europe is now moving into
a 3G infrastructure that was
just recently rolled out.
And with that,
you now have the ability to play back
SVG QuickTime within your handsets.
And one of the big benefits of that
is that you can now add-- for example,
if it's a live news feed
from the BBC or something,
you can add a tell-up track within
your authoring environment that
could have text that's scrolling,
that's pertinent to the
actual video that's being
broadcasted onto your handset.
But then you can level
interactivity to that as well.
You can have hyperlinks off to
XHTML pages that were created around
that content that's being broadcasted.
I'm going to show you a really
quick bit on that right now.
Using that same file
I tried to open earlier.
There you go, it opened.
Don't know why it didn't open before.
Let's go ahead and preview
this track really quickly.
I'm going to subject you
to a little bit here.
That's my daughter.
It was done for a music video in Japan.
So I'm going to add a text track to this.
So let me go back and scroll back
to the beginning of this file here.
Open up my timeline.
I'm going to open up my objects palette,
and then I'm going to now add an element.
We're going to go ahead
and add a text track.
I'm dragging and dropping my
text track into the movie.
I'm then going to select it,
and then we're going to position it.
Let's say I'm going to
move this down here,
scale this out, push this down,
and come down to the actual text track.
Bring up the inspector palette,
and let's add some text.
This is like firewire cables.
Select all, copy it,
paste it in a few times.
We're going to apply it.
Now we're going to add
some properties to it.
So let's see here.
So we want to scroll in and scroll out.
On a horizontal scroll.
Text color's fine.
Let's see here.
Let's see what it looks like.
Let's rewind it.
Let's add a couple more effects to this,
because we want to see the
background that's actually happening.
So let's go into... let's see here...
Let's come back down and select that.
Let's add...
A blend mode to it.
So you'll see some transparency
going on in the background as well.
Now if this was exported in MPEG-4,
you'd actually get that blend mode,
but we're going to be exporting for
the NTT DOCOMO FOMA file format.
And by the way,
Go Live is fully double byte enabled,
so whether you're doing Arabic, Cyrillic,
Japanese, Korean, Chinese, or Hangul,
you're pretty much good to go,
especially considering those
markets are so much more evolved
than the United States market.
So we have this completed.
We're going to take this movie.
We're going to export it.
The little gumdrop comes up.
And move this over here.
Let's check our 3GP export options.
Epic 4, Textract 3GP.
Let me just make sure that's Unicode.
It's Unicode, okay.
And we're going to click OK.
And let's save it down to the desktop.
Exporting the movie.
I have to apologize,
we actually had some really
cool phone demos we wanted to
show everyone this afternoon,
but both my phone battery and Anthony's
phone battery are completely dead.
Because everyone was just
like so enthused about it
and wanted to play with it,
so again, apologies for that.
But, this is the next best thing.
I actually wanted to show you
this video file on the phone.
And, let's play it back.
Through wonderful QuickTime.
Now if we wanted to add one last thing,
if we wanted to add a really
quick interactive bit to this,
let's jump back into this.
Open that file up one more time.
Bring open the timeline one more time.
And let's scroll back
down to the text bit.
Go into My Inspector.
And let's just say--
[Transcript missing]
I'm getting, this is, by the way,
this is development,
so I'm getting some weird funkiness here.
Cable.
I'm just going to disconnect this,
hopefully not crash.
I did not sacrifice my
demo chicken this morning.
Always a necessity.
All right, and then, actually,
you know what, just so we have... Apple,
let's go down to the very
end and make it all a link.
[Transcript missing]
Play it.
Oh!
It's broken.
Alright, what would have happened is you
would have had a hyperlink there.
It would have been interactive.
And it would have opened the
web browser Safari to Apple.com.
But there you have it.
So you can see that with some of this
new technology that we're developing,
we have some very robust
interactive authoring and designing
capabilities that build upon what's
currently existing in Go Live 6.
And we have advanced support
for mobile authoring.
Not just what you see
here with 3GP or MPEG-4,
but whether you're
dealing with CSS level 2,
you're dealing with mobile CSS,
you're going to see some really
interesting stuff coming out of Adobe.